[DOC-624][doc]Add caution about using explicit PREPARE/EXECUTE call (#25532)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

For more details, see [Prepared statements in PL/pgSQL](https://dev.to/aws-heroes/postgresql-prepared-statements-in-pl-pgsql-jl3).
{{</lead>}}

> {{<warning title="Caution">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<warning title="Avoid explicit PREPARE or EXECUTE">}}
```

> When using server-side pooling, avoid explicit `PREPARE`/`EXECUTE` calls and use protocol-level prepared statements instead. Explicit prepare/execute calls can make connections sticky, preventing you from utilizing the benefits of the connection manager or server-side pooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using server-side pooling, avoid explicit PREPARE and EXECUTE calls and use protocol-level prepared statements instead. Explicit prepare/execute calls can make connections sticky, which prevents you from realizing the benefits of using YSQL Connection Manager and server-side pooling.
```

> For example, with the NPGSQL driver, add the following to your connection string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with the Npgsql driver, add the following to your connection string:

```

> For example, with the NPGSQL driver, add the following to your connection string:

Reviewer: Why? What does this do? I don't understand the link between not using explicit PREPARE and doing this.

Reviewer 2: I have found a doc where some engineer has explained it some time back

https://docs.google.com/document/d/17J8RI97z0nTW8sx_XDLJUQYm57BFsCInR2TDLjL7jdg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.32man0onzr5u

Reviewer 2: "For protocol level prepared statements the location of phase type (prepare/bind/execute), ppstmt name and query is fixed and  known to the odyssey. So odyssey is easily able to identify and modify the ppstmt name or prepare a query on the connection. But this is not true in case we want to use a PREPARE query (by either protocol)."

Reviewer: I still don't understand the link with setting Max Auto Prepare and Auto Prepare Min Usages in the connections string. What do these options do/how do they help.

Reviewer: @markpyb Does every driver have some equivalent setting to turn on prepared statements? So would something like this work -

"Depending on your driver, you may have to set some parameters to leverage prepared statements. For example, Npgsql supports automatic preparation using the Max Auto Prepare and Auto Prepare Min Usages connection parameters, which you add to your connection string as follows:

Max Auto Prepare=100;Auto Prepare Min Usages=5;

Consult your driver documentation."

Reviewer 2: Hi @ddhodge yes every driver will have a different way to do it (if they support it) yes consult your driver documentation is good

Author: @ddhodge I've updated the PR, please have a look.

> `Max Auto Prepare=100;Auto Prepare Min Usages=5;`.

Reviewer: make this a proper code block. no period.

Reviewer 2: we can add the consult your driver documentation bit

For more details, see [Prepared statements in PL/pgSQL](https://dev.to/aws-heroes/postgresql-prepared-statements-in-pl-pgsql-jl3).
{{</lead>}}

> {{<warning title="Avoid explicit PREPARE or EXECUTE">}}

Reviewer: put the new stuff before the lead link

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When using server-side pooling, avoid explicit PREPARE and EXECUTE calls and use protocol-level prepared statements instead. Explicit prepare/execute calls can make connections sticky, which prevents you from realizing the benefits of using YSQL Connection Manager and server-side pooling.

```
